chore: update the community files (#2)
EnAccess/.github: discord_ettiquette.md

## OSEA DISCORD ETIQUETTE

The OSEA community strives to ensure all its members can express themselves safely. Please follow and read the [Code of Conduct ](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) carefully. 

> Our community uses the Discord platform to engage in conversations and other OSEA-related activities. [Join us by following this link](https://discord.com/invite/sWTA2QTmS4), and we will grow the community by adhering to the etiquette.

Reviewer: Instead of using the Discord link could you instead use:

```
https://discord.oseas.org/
```

? It's a redirect to the Discord Invite link, but makes it easier to manage if we ever have to change or re-generate the underlying Discord link 😉

Author: done, thanks

> Our community uses the Discord platform to engage in conversations and other OSEA-related activities. [Join us by following this link](https://discord.com/invite/sWTA2QTmS4), and we will grow the community by adhering to the etiquette.

Author: ```suggestion
Our community uses the Discord platform to engage in conversations and other OSEA-related activities. [Join us by following this link](https://discord.oseas.org), and we will grow the community by adhering to the etiquette.
```
